docs: add posts on outgoing hooks integrations (#707)
devopness/devopness: docs/applications/integrate-application-deploy-to-source-provider-ci.md

---

> title: Integrate Application Deploy to Source Provider's CI

Reviewer: Outgoing hooks are not limited to integrate with source providers. Devopness can integrate with any CI, CD, CI/CD workflows and even beyond that:
```suggestion
title: Integrate Application deployments with your Continuous integration (CI) workflows
```

> title: Integrate Application deployments with your Continuous integration (CI) workflows

Author: ```suggestion
title: Integrate Application deployments with your Continuous Integration (CI) workflows
```

> intro: Commit statuses provide a way to tag commits with meta data, like automated deploy results. Learn how to create outgoing webhooks to update a commit status to integrate the application deploy to the source provider's CI.

Reviewer: This is a post about Devopness outgoing hooks, not about vendor specific jargon `commit status`.
It's ok to give a vendor specific example, such as `GitHub commit status` when creating an actual outgoing hook. However, title and intro should be aligned with the goal of the topic, otherwise readers can easily get confused.
